the best budget that you can have is, ah, one that you start off with
some of the basic materials. Well, everyone needs off cell phone, gas
insurance, um, decent amount of food. Once you have that, then you
slowly start to build up the rest of it until you get Thio the salary
that you're looking for. The salary that that you're looking for
is about, um, 70 to 80% off of your your monthly salary. That's the
kind of, uh, version that I took on. You don't wanna be hitting your,
you know, like, if you make 5000 don't wanna be, uh, be hitting 5000
every single month. So there's some kind of buffer is gonna change
based on who you are and what kind of goals you're looking for. Maybe
you're trying to buy a house. Then you should have a bigger buffer.
Maybe you're just trying to buy another car. Smaller buffer. Maybe
you said, hey, you know what? Like I'm not gonna retire or, uh, save
for another couple of years. Then you know, you know, have at it.
But once once you have that goal, uh, then you make the rest of your
buffer based on your excess and your basic necessities